DOCSP 28174 adding info to commit page (#222)
mongodb/docs-cluster-to-cluster-sync: source/reference/api/commit.txt

alters during synchronization. 

The following table illustrates the impact of ``commit`` on collection
characteristics that ``mongosync`` alters during the synchronization process.

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Collection Characteristic
     - Impact of ``commit`` 
   * - :ref:`Unique Indexes <c2c-dr-unique>`
     - ``commit`` resets unique indexes that ``mongosync`` replicated as
       non-unique on the destination cluster.

   * - :ref:`TTL Indexes <c2c-dr-ttl>`
     - ``commit`` resets ``expireAfterSeconds`` which ``mongosync`` set
       to the value of ``MAX_INT`` on the destination cluster.

   * - :ref:`Hidden Indexes <c2c-dr-hidden>`
     - ``commit`` resets hidden indexes that ``mongosync``
       replicated as non-hidden on the destination cluster.

   * - :ref:`Write Blocking <c2c-dr-write-blocking>`
     - If ``mongosync`` disabled writes on the destination cluster,
       ``commit`` disables the Write Block Mode. 

   * - :ref:`Capped Collections <c2c-dr-capped-collections>`
     - ``commit`` resets the required maximum size of capped collections
       which ``mongosync`` set to the maximum allowable size on the

>        destination cluster.

Reviewer: Does this header duplicate the information in the disaster-recovery page?

If so, that seems like additional overhead and opportunity for confusion/inaccuracy, if those 2 pages now have to be kept manually in sync.

Is it possible to write the table out to a file, then include it separately? Maybe using rST’s [include](https://docutils.sourceforge.io/docs/ref/rst/directives.html#including-an-external-document-fragment) directive?

Author: The information in the commit table and the [disaster recovery table ](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/cluster-to-cluster-sync/current/reference/disaster-recovery/) is similar but has different use cases which is why I hesitate to make make them identical with an include file. For the disaster recovery page, the user needs to know which commands to use (for example, use the collMod command to set expireAfterSeconds to the desired value) to manually take action while the commit table does not need to provide that information. Because the disaster recovery table needs to include instructions on how to manually reset the changes as opposed to the commit table which is just describes how things happen automatically,  I would be in favor of leaving the two tables separate.

Reviewer: That makes sense. Thanks!

-----------

> Commits the synchronization operation to the destination cluster.

Reviewer 2: [suggestion] It looks like the first half of the new sentence is saying virtually the same thing as the first sentence that's already here. Maybe we can just merge these two?
```suggestion
Finalizes the synchronization operation between the source and destination clusters. ``commit``stops continuous...
```

Author: My only hesitation here is that the the other endpoints use the endpoint name to describe the definition of the endpoint behavior. I do like the idea of combining the sentences and using "finalize" rather than "commit" but just wanted to check in re consistency

Reviewer 2: Gotcha, that makes sense! I think the main concern is that the original JIRA ticket mentions that the "commit" language is what was causing confusion with the definition in the first place, so I think that could warrant overriding consistency in favor of clarity.

Author: Sounds good, just made the change!
